You lose in one minute.
Congratulations to the group for 50,000 dollars
It's you Mr. Hu said
You can go home with mommy
Daddy is a man of words
You're going, too?
How is that possible?
How did you pass the interview?
Interviewer at the Storytelling Group
I was so excited to see it.
Mr. Gu
From now on, you are my fake husband
Hahaha
Talented designer Coco has agreed to join
You mean that?
At the costume design competition
A work of experience
Female college student who won the championship
It's people like him who have to be reused.
No matter what conditions he wants
Promise him that
So you are a dog, what are you talking about?
No, nothing.
If I hadn't met Jiang Xue today
Everything is still perfect
I really don't know if Gu Zhengtingchang has eyes?
I actually fell in love with a woman like Jiang Xue
Or the CEO?
This
Mr. Gu, you said that Gu Zhengting's head
Did you get squeezed by the door?
What is your relationship with Jiang Xue?
Do you know each other?
I don't know
Forget about him
Anyway, I hate Jiang Xue
You hate Gu Zhengting
Hate me why
Mr. Wu is willing to admit defeat
You Doudou have to go back to the countryside with me
You are ordering me
Brother, you want to break your word
Well, I have to learn a sample tomorrow.
Become a dishonest bad bean
Just me thinking about it
Daddy, when I slow down the army
That's okay.
Anyway, tomorrow I'm going to the Story Group office to join
Then give your dad another day of buffer time
Introduce
This is your wardrobe director
You report to him
Hello Director, I am
Xiao Caicai